another body from yet another Mass grave
rescue workers at alifa hospital exume
the dead and try to restore some
[Applause]
dignity we are removing the decomposing
corpses of several Martyrs they are
decomposing and completely
unrecognizable we're finding headless
corpses the corpses are rotten they've
decomposed from the severity of the
torture they
suffered the is military laid Siege to
alifa in March claiming it was a Hamas
Command Center but little verifiable
evidence has been produced to back up
that claim gaza's Health Ministry says
Israeli troops killed hundreds of
Palestinians inside including medical
staff they finally withdrew from the
facility at the beginning of
April today tens of corpses have been
removed from this location inside the
alifa medical complex the corpses are
those of children women and men and most
of them were patients they were patients
at the hospital and they were prevented
from getting treatment they were
prevented from getting medical care then
they were martyred or killed and were
buried on mass mass Graves have now been
discovered in and around three different
hospitals in the Gaza Strip seven sites
have been found in total three at the
alifa medical complex one at the Kamal
adwan Hospital in the north and in the
South another three have been discovered
at Naser medical
complex more than 500 bodies have since
been recovered with many exhibiting
signs of Mutilation and torture and that
number is expected to increase as
Palestinians continue to dig for those
they've lost Alex beard Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer